update netrc option description (#4342)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/75-project-settings.md

:::

## Only inject netrc credentials into trusted clone plugins

> The "clone" step may need git credentials (e.g. for private repos).
> These are injected via `netrc`.
> By default, they're only injected into "trusted" clone plugins listed in env var `WOODPECKER_PLUGINS_TRUSTED_CLONE`.
> If this option is unchecked, git credentials will be injected into any plugin used in the clone step, regardless of being listed in `WOODPECKER_PLUGINS_TRUSTED_CLONE`.
> 
> :::note
> This option does not have any effect for other steps than the "clone" step.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The clone step may require git credentials (e.g. for private repos) which are injected via `netrc`.

By default, they are only injected into trusted clone plugins listed in the env var `WOODPECKER_PLUGINS_TRUSTED_CLONE`.
If this option is disabled, the git credentials are injected into every clone plugin, regardless of whether it is trusted or not.

:::note
This option has no effect on steps other than the clone step.
:::
```

> ## Only inject netrc credentials into trusted containers

Reviewer: Title still misleading as it mentions trusted containers in general
